[Event Hubs][@azure/event-hubs_2.1.0] Added event handler `error` and `protocolError` on the connection object. (#4318)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/changelog.md

### 2019-07-15 2.1.1

> - Added event handler `error` and `protocolError` on the connection object that will just log the error and take care of the unhandled exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added event handlers for `error` and `protocolError` events on the connection object to avoid the case of unhandled exceptions. This is related to the [bug 4136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/4136)
```
